feat: setting for Elixir source path (#50)
expert-lsp/vscode-expert: README.md

Tells the extension to use a local release of the Expert language server instead of the automatically installed one. This path should point to Expert's executable, typically located at `/path/to/expert/apps/expert/burrito_out/expert_darwin_arm64`.

### expert.server.elixirSourcePath

> Path to a local Elixir source directory; absolute paths are recommended. This is not supported in Expert 0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Path to a local Elixir source directory; absolute paths are recommended.. When set, go-to-definition on Elixir standard library modules will navigate to source files in this directory instead of returning no result.
```
